CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    African Geneology folder tracker

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    It would make it possible for those who are working on African genealogy to
    determine which folder hs been received from the field, which field
    agent worked on it, which data entry clerk etc.
    It would also allow comments to be made if the particular folder has
    unresolved issues.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I would learn to design an architecture that works. I would have to
    figure out the best way to store the information.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    Because I am considering storing the data as a permission protected
    text file, I would be using the csv, pytest, and datetime modules to store the
    time and date changes are made.

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
    Yes I will.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
    Yes, I will.

